INTRODUCTION
------------

The TagsPlugin for use with the jEdit text editor.  Excerpt from the Exuberant
C Tags man page: 

       Tag index files are supported by numerous  editors,  which
       allow the user to locate the object associated with a name
       appearing in a source file and jump to the file  and  line
       which  defines  the name.

You can find the Exuberant C Tags program at:

   http://ctags.sourceforge.net

You can also use the standard UNIX ctags program, or the GNU C Tags program,
but you'll find that Exuberant C Tags provides a bit more info (or too much
depending on how much of a minimalist you are).
       
HOW TO USE
----------

From the Plugin > Tags menu:

  Follow Tag:  Find the tag under the cursor (or optionally, the selected 
  text).  If there is a tag collision, a drop down list will allow you to
  choose among the collisions.
  
  Follow Tag (New View):  Find the tag under the cursor in a new view.
  
  Follow Tag...:  A dialog will appear where you can enter a tag name.
  
  Pop Tag:  Return to the location previous to following a tag. 
  
  Tagging Options:  Use this dialog to set the various options for tagging.
     Tag file type:  The type of tag files used.  This will affect the
     searching of the tag files.  It should be set based on the program used 
     to generate the tag files 

     Search tag file in current buffer's directory first:  If in the current
     buffer's directory there is a tag file, then look in this file for the
     tag first.
     
     Search all tag files:  By default, the first matching tag found will stop
     the search.  Using this option will allow all tag files to be searched.
     
     Tag search files:  The set of tag files for searching.  The order of the
     list will be the order of the search.

SUGGESTED KEY BINDINGS
----------------------

Here are some suggested key bindings.  These do stomp on some JEdit key
bindings, but I find that they work well.  They are based on the vi (and it's
clones) key bindings for tagging.

Follow Tag:     Ctrl + ]
Follow Tag...:  Ctrl + SHIFT + ]     
Pop Tag:        Ctrl + T

Copyright (c) 2001 Kenrick Drew
kdrew@earthlink.net

